Rafis partner was murdered for doing/working with peace, and his family suffered a great loss.
Most people travel to Europe or the Islands and get a taste of the culture in those places.
I am sickened by different things that my country has done to certain people.
It also was enlightening too how Colonel said that he barely fired his weapon in Afghanistan.
People would've been killed, places would have been bombed and there would have been so much going on all at once.
I don't really agree too much about it having to do with body structure.
Both guests helped us understand the condition happening in Afghanistan.
I think the dialogue between soldiers and civilians that Sam mentioned was a very beneficial idea.
As he did have to experience some form of conflict throughout his life in battle it was very minimal.
The husband is a black male and the wife is white with blonde hair and fair skin.
Everyone has their own interpretation but there are somethings that should be universally accepted.
If religion is saying these things how come people fight each other over religion?
I think you hit the nail on the head multiple times here.
I know that its not a constant fight, day in and day out like he said, but I never really gave it much thought other than that.
I agree that Afghan civilians are not an abstract idea and need to be recognized as people just like you and me.
And how much do we think about it?
I completely agree with your thoughts on putting ourselves in the Afghan people's shoes.
This helped me to connect the people in that scenario to the United States.
Daniel, I agree with several of your opinions on how we discuss race in this country but I'm not sure how we can really solve this issue.
Most of them are people similar to people in the United States, and they are just trying to survive.
These people are just like us and we need to see that.
Two of my cousins enlisted and have served/are serving multiple terms in Afghanistan.
I think that that is a perfect word to describe Afghan civilians after hearing the story of the Lieutenants experience in Afghan.
I agree with everything that you said.
Wars affect so many people and we are too caught up in our lives to really realize whats going on in other countries and try to help them or at least support them.
In the video, Sam shows a graph of the number of civilians killed over time.
They deserve to be thought of and helped.
I may not understand the politics and the necessities of continuing the war, but I know that no civilians want the war.
There are obviously a lot of things that civilians don't know about war since most have never been in one.
Like Abigail said, race plays a huge part in peoples lives.
Most of the time we would only see the perspective of a minority.
I feel that the interactive aspect of technology has more pros to the class than cons.
As someone who is from New York City, I know the feeling of coldness from a complete stranger all too well.
Afghanistan has had conflict, but they are a lot like us.
However, I do wish they could explain what they saw because I really found no defining characteristics.
We have dedicated billions of dollars and thousands of men to fighting in this conflict.
Families are losing loved ones and people like Rafi who want peace are being threatened.
This lecture really made me think about things, can we change the narrative?
I said in my last post that I am a mixed race because my mom is Korean and my dad is white, so Im a product of a mixed-race couple.
Wars, new inventions, and all the things that we are doing right now just seem so useless.
It was shaped from a cultural historys timeline, which remembers all injustice, war, and hardship.
Will we ever see peace come to fruition?
I can't help but think about how different my life would be if I was growing up knowing nothing but life with war.
When he was deployed in Afghanistan, the kindness of the Afghan people really surprised him.
But in the video, Rafi was saying about something more complicated.
He lost the people who he loved most in this world for basically no reason.
He told how they invite you in to have a cup of tea.
Central and South Americans tend to be more inclined to play soccer.
The sad part is people dont realize that regular civilians are being hurt by the war the most.
War is injuring innocent people which is not necessary.
